docs: cleanup and fix inconsistencies (#7415)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/reference/stdlib-namespaces/global.mdx

Send an email. See [Notifications][mail-page] for more information.

Available options:

###### `to`

> The mail target recipients. Multiple email addresses can be specified as a comma-separated list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mail target recipients. Specify multiple addresses as a comma-separated list.
```

###### `cc`

> The mail CC recipients. Multiple email addresses can be specified as a comma-separated list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mail CC recipients. Specify multiple addresses as a comma-separated list.
```

###### `bcc`

> The mail BCC recipients. Multiple email addresses can be specified as a comma-separated list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mail BCC recipients. Specify multiple addresses as a comma-separated list.
```

###### `from`

The mail sender address.

###### `subject`

The mail subject.

###### `charset`

The mail content charset (default: `UTF-8`).

###### `text`

The mail plain text content.

###### `body`

The mail body content. Can be either plain text or HTML content.

To send an email that includes both plain text and HTML content, use both the `text` and `body` attributes: `text` is used for the plain text content, while `body` is used for the rich HTML content.

###### `type`

The mail body mime type (default: automatically detected).

###### `attach`

> List of file attachments. Each attachment may specify the following params:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List of file attachments. Each attachment may specify the following options:
```
Suggestion only
